hello and welcome to a new one
piano and yes you are thinking now
just it is in the upload I have the
not already seen it is not what what
to here no was not quite the team
that I've seen that knows here
every case but this young man the
is now new 18 18 14 templates 1 613
give votes when iphone 4s give
she makes tempo 88 dribbling 83 79
fit the second in form upgrade in
Antoine Griezmann made it so intro
Well, so I was seconded while
all this from now were also the
in form of course what for
luckily we were happy
see his sets 99 92 dribbling 89
Repel 80 larks already 97 roll fell
befitting 13 record meanwhile
92 initial agility 98 96 reaction
85 seen so there are already some too
it can not be otherwise
also say the first goal proof directly
after which so incredibly no
left foot off so he thinks this
So body is what the body
read
well whatever its bodies
Shots are just outstanding like that
balls turn in and that's it
Great what makes him his left foot
he also only has 80 long shot though
just how these balls turn in
with if he is not left outside
shoots or if he stops under the ball
so through light what our megageil
Do not always fifa 14 with the man
right with the right
right foot shoots with links to the infos
you know what I mean these
shot keeping right now if you have the
either jokes and too neat
then you have no gates here
Furthermore , he has one with 89
Of course a sensational dribbling
ball control compare with the client
similar ball control
yes I have tested both therefore are
already very similar in the ball control
So at sticks formally on his foot
what makes him so incredibly valuable he does
has a sensational shot with
92 starts damn fast for power
Well protected because that's what I like
before missing ever so 780 tempo
only on the map but the 92 starts
is completely enough at his pace so
once he starts running he is hardly
stop by direct sprintduell
that makes enormous monster reputation
and because it sticks to the foot as you do this
sees videos in these scenes yes
her mostly free tracks of the video
not so boring human being
You've already done one to grease
people are not bored now either
the seven gates is in itself
Of course, still the same player
only the player type has that
whole quasi now again two stages
can be better in my eyes and if I am
he was not me because I have
I had five and ten in each one now
I give them a clear 10 out of 10
so if you are considering buying it
or him nor have one no different
if you ever had the ticks in
has resold form
and did not test that does
Definitely worth it so me
can only recommend if in hot
left outside needs to go with four stars
Must not be Ronaldo is from the league
bbva then your first choice is the
upgrade in form Grießmann yes if you
I liked the rating for me
happy as I said I'm sorry that so
the shorter one was just too
I think I was interesting
I still have that in the club I can
show you why not
and then they do not have it
next video again as I said
definitely try his
players and see you next time